we're actually passing [__] murders
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm a pendulum I put the ball in it now
thank you I'll show you off baby my
biggest flex yeah baby my baby flies
messy laughs got your penis she keeping
me on my toes recover your fellow Rainer
I love the circus posing me like Sabrina
this person on the dryer trying to get
all of this money she loved me when I
was oh yo got done with the festival
yesterday we are exhausted dusty [__]
right now is that big-ass fingerprint on
the front of the land like that that's
rainy out here vibing em [__] you buy
this big time we gonna go coast baby go
cause baby actually think we're not
gonna go coast
we've got some audio switching so weird
without the headphones on this is how
you guys were feeling just now but I was
having a great famine for four days my
four pairs of underwear
[Music]
you gots a troll
[Applause]
probably the security didn't find all
that Cub
[Applause]
[Music]
thanks mate hi guys
my - Gold Coast's it's all Saudi and
gold this is welcome idiot the party
they call me tiger woods cut it that
corny Tiger Woods I didn't get to play
golf in the video oh yeah and pretty
reason besides a [__] no you're gonna
see our place you're gonna see cocaine
place now ski base inin hello welcome to
white apartments as you can see we enter
a luxurious red carpet
the reason you want these cushioning so
that you can really rest up when you're
fine with black marble floors hmm
look at this [__] view oh my god four
million okay I want seven stocks at four
million yeah right now the [__] do you
mean what else what I want now look
we're not saying you shouldn't go to
Peninsula Apartments cuz they do offer a
fantastic view of the Gulf Coast but it
really just doesn't compare to the chalk
free sugar free lead free zero calorie
energy drink made by gamers ups and if
you don't believe what we say about it
here's their editor Mitchell with a
completely unedited opinion
it's good so what are you waiting for
head of gamers UPS GG and use code
misfits for 10% on sorry sentimental you
were so much just taking a piece of cars
you get to be the first I ripped a
better memory associated with it Oh
getting lunch at the moment or getting
brekkie breakfast at the rhymes 11:30
brunch at the moment the Mystery Machine
transition scene guys fist okay shut the
[__] up cut yes I wanna see you bar
tonight
[Music]
now your [__] dog gosh go crazy
you're driving a [__] idea of how you
can [__] [__] chain florists solar funny
name on a motor needs both privacy the
vaadwaur the drive down the [__] dirt
[__] privilege con hey nice nice [__]
might
[Music]
because I'm fit
oh that's [__] good that's very good
everyone's thrilled everyone's just ABS
oh oh my god yeah so this is the main
[Music]
Open Sesame you are gonna love the
boxing ring carnate is the sickest thing
why cam you know you're punching the
[__] out of you [__] I'm gonna knock I'm
gonna knock him the [__] you out like
I'm actually gonna go for lard boy watch
this don't don't show him he doesn't
know what he's not coming
took a whole drag in the middle of my
lot sort of no ice yeah no we're 100%
getting either
[Music]
is the bagger room why do we ever go
camping why just do this all the time
[Music]
he's not kidding guys we really kind of
fought this all the time just like you
can't afford to miss out on this great
offer from scuff thoughts store did you
miss out on our recent 4/20 drop [__]
good one because you can get 20% off any
of our mini designs so grab what you
want and use code
I missed for twinning at checkout for
your discount head to scuffed up store
quick because when these bad boys go
they're not coming back
game of all Matt holder admitting it and
I can take one of these for photo sense
of my [__] for me you've done it for
Chad gloves and every these [__] this
guy yeah
[Music]
oh yeah well you just [__] those pop on
it man as ing cheek that's all right
we might have just fought but we're
still good friends
Michelle's gonna want any it's a bank
it's that right my name is Toby and I'm
a slap ball champion that's my signature
underhand slap you can do it in the
dance club or you can do it on the slap
field that'll get some height and landed
in the court swagger what the [__] was
that
so the idea of defense is to keep the
balls and I think Bank is impressively
bad news in some places they like to
call what's a funny word
where is some redirection he was only
getting undress hockey bag big mate so
there's a flying fox is there yeah where
I don't know how to get this way [__]
kidding me
- bug this is a challenge I'll do it
Magnum and to put the looper on your
neck okay that was fun
I don't care at all cuz I got money I
think I need to change my name bro
money money money money yeah I got a lot
ha ha hey so yeah Euro Pound the money
don't stop
nah hey butters your nice new house
[__] about it you think could you feel
your body was with my wrist I can pocket
about it I don't care Oh cuz I my name
is my teeth only taken Andrei when I do
a feat ladies she want me to lunch she
never said please so not right
pine cones that right there is a pine
cone that's a green ass pine cone yeah
here's a great idea let's just break all
these expensive antique tools a hundred
percent is going to eat us while we're
here on cooling it right here there's
some doing the golf cart just there it's
gonna eat us by the way it's my Ryan P
impression oh you know order for [__]
everyone at the whole table and just way
too much as well I'm kind of working on
it still I don't know
what's that supposed to mean
[Music]
sometimes I'm smoked
you're always so [__] high all the
time so [__] you and I was we wouldn't
get this content I'm not higher all ever
and I still got the content
what you have comments
[Music]
what are we making big right
this is called a salad Toby with fast I
am hungry where are the ribs they're in
the [__] oven feet right yeah I did
time will tell out the back ribs it's
[__] up the lane leave my son decayed
for a coup care put them all name you
dog gotcha good tickle em and then
chuckles penis he's too scary [__]
good one I will am I even good at this
anymore
[Music]
[Applause]
today we're gonna burn this place now
[Music]
and get spider-friends with park in
spider-friends it covers but each and
every single one of us might survive
[Music]
we're trying to get a full Pig and we're
over the big 100 big we just pop Bobby
on this time up roasted ham let's spit
roast Bobby what the funnel I like the
idea of bringing back a whole pig is
that just me Tom that's all
would you shopping alright fellas on
this basically does what it's like being
in the misfits anyway
[Music]
I'm going in boys I'm sacrificing the
white ones guys just hold the plate
above this and I'm sure we'll better
cook something
oh [__] atop well really just chuck more
[__] down a pimple that's the biggest
pimp I've ever seen [__] mess of him
Chuck burn it make sure it's all over
when we go to this seems very sketchy
[Music]
well we have some sausage we have some
steaks is also a [__] ignore that but
for now can you cook me up a rack of
fire service please
[Laughter]
[Music]
stand up around [__] this [__] bomb
do we see if Mason that was fine
it's a snake it's meant to be done like
that it's wrong you want to eat it well
cooked I'm dead serious
[Music]
it's like eating
aesthetically very good yeah it's good
150,000 dollar Wagyu me look the my age
but 120 years [__] prime wag you out
of there just give it a quick wash
bicycling there we go Oh seasoned enough
of the chlorine yes chef I'll tell you
one thing the snake is definitely clean
[Music]
look at that and you can just see how
the the chlorine just gives us a slight
wrinkle
all right we're giving this one the Ryan
P beautiful garnish we should actually
prepare like a master chef with a plate
like a sauce drizzled on the side
clearly go inside all right good savory
time very good here savory time times
two so much time and paper towels and a
half clean plate we got all the time in
the world that wieder oregano on there
chef hands off the plate I need you to
start making this time into something
useful
catch up on the thing bro
please Dorito tomato hollandaise my life
doing weight we look at the onion on the
fire triangle chosen here to plate this
[__] he's coming I hear him coming off
the table Ryan with Ryan so we decided
to pay you a gourmet five-star dish I'll
give it to you the state actually looks
pretty good but my mind is on fire like
the adventurous this is a high-grade
Wagyu steak stolen from Bobby's dad and
I pointed out of the fridge it's
$150,000 so if with a toasted onion some
tomato and a little bit of something
seasoning I might skip on the UH nearly
donate its coveted fair at what if you
had to explain the flavoring what would
you say what do you think well certain
boss it's like a steak that's good so
much a lot of weight into that
you put on the snails premium-grade
Wagyu lightly toasted on the tray and
that is all there is to it all right
unless you want the whole back story
when they do tell me all right so here's
the thing
I might have been different clots in the
kitchen I was prepping the steak I went
to put it on the grill get this amidst
known in the fire pit so already an
event is going so here I am panicking
because I have this high paying customer
I did a paper with steak ASAP and what's
right next to me about the pool goat
it's gold back on the grill to the side
and here we are remaining pool chemicals
[Music]
we did leave the fire on with no one
around
what's that glow outside like half the
stage kind of taste pool a little bit a
premium Wagyu so the boys I forego my
barbecues so it's perfect I'm not
[__] like poison would you give us a
tip for it wow that's about above
average yeah could be better could be
worse someone make sure the pie is not
burning
customers happy chefs are celebrating by
every buyer I could just imagine you
dipping it into the pie sign down
probably once thought in trouble where
the [__] did the power go
[Music]
[__] any other situation this [__] oh
[__] the doors law someone inside and
I'm not going over there so the spider
was oh [__] me
[Music]
thanks for about to get murdered I'm
seeing memories of why I think this is a
bad idea now I'm getting flashbacks bro
yeah this is what my life was on the
line for sinking the bottom of mulch
Brian what is it [__] mulch in this
lake for what are you talking about
it could be shallow and it could have
munch in it he's more worried than me
bro thinking before just any hour could
save him I'll have to [__] hold him
like this because they were otherwise
they'll get water and you'll and do a
flood got no no yeah do that you want
just make sure you come up straightaway
okay
like don't see that's good advice Mason
does it come up straight away from being
me stab you can't [__] do it a bit
just thousand dollars Matt I'm not
betting on this we need to get that
thing back you need rope I don't I don't
really understand what he's trying to do
already cutting the word you can see it
breaking swagger has told me many times
that he can survive in the wilderness
[Applause]
why don't we get the [__] to do it
just grabbed the wrong throat [__]
dumb what do you mean you card why not
you guys are insane get it together cut
like this big nowadays not let's go into
shelter oh yeah we got shelter [__]
these guys we care about a little
charade I was gonna wrestle with the
stick
[Applause]
I swear to god this little Italian man
just can't get anything right I will
rape you just took him like way longer
than a shot 100% but you gotta let him
just put his effort America otherwise
when they belong he loves it hooking
onto these tiny [__] yo are those
like he Z's well you think I'd look
stupid we're in Sonny's all the time
high side folks dogs it's the high side
boss okay it's like it feels like it's
gonna snap but I'm not sure you guys you
guys will come out later to get me right
I'll get him down
who called you jumping out don't jump
hold onto this okay
going to fly down this definitely works
okay put it on up there and like sat on
it I was City I didn't even jump off the
balcony yet and alright starting to go
in Florida like [__] this accent
[Music]
where we guys everything so how much we
have we want to get to five printer well
you don't have to tie brand I win I'll
get a yes you know it was going at the
casino and what are these within a
thousand dollars on red and we received
going into the exact same time he ever
since the donors IDE so he's entrusting
his money to
y'all start over
[Music]
it is Wednesday my David where did you
find this I guess now that we're just
chillin together
cuz he's way too high up to get down it
is just as stuck in this predicament as
I am
I reckon no we're just gonna hang like
he's just chillin up there
[Music]
[Laughter]
a big green frog and you just [__] 5
in known as hell there's nothing wrong
with what you do in here with this thing
where you're meant to be loved you
[Music]
failure but the [__] real checked off
on the fire
this is so much calm